I am the Treasury Controller, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation 
[NNPC] and a close  associate of the immediate past Minister of Petroleum 
Resources.

The Minister has mandated me to transfer the sum of US$88 millions 
recovered from an  over-invoiced contracts involving the Nigerian National 
Petroleum Corporation [NNPC] into several  private account in Europe and
United States. A total  sum of US$73,700,000.00 has been transferred 
before the emergence of this present  Civilian
Administration,leaving the balance of  US$14,300,000.00.

I have made proper arrangement/documentation to transfer the balance which 
is retained  in a coded account of the NNPC with the Central Bank of 
Nigeria. We are soliciting  that you help us to receive the fund in trust. 
We cannot complete this transaction  smoothly without the participation of 
a foreign partner who would provide an account
where the funds could be lodged. Since it is a contract payment, the funds 
must be  remitted to a foreign account. The remittance of the funds 
requires little documentation.

There is no risk involved on your part in this transaction since the 
former Minister and I have covered this transaction with adequate contract 
and external credit documents from the beginning.

What we require from you by e-mail or fax are viz:
    {i} Acceptance letter of this offer
    {ii} Your company name and confidential telephone and fax numbers
    {iii} Convincing Honesty, Trustworthiness and Willingness to abide by 
the requirements of this proposal paramount of            which is 
CONFIDENTIALITY.

We have agreed that you will retain 20% of the entire US$14,300,000.00 for 
your effort  in this transaction, 70% for us partners here in Nigeria and 
the remaining 10% will be used for defrayal of incidental cost in the 
course of this transfer.

Please reply urgently by fax or e-mail as we expect that the transaction 
will not take  more than ten working days. And please note that this 
transaction must be top  secret.