I am Mrs. Mariam Abacha, the widow of the late Gen.
Sanni Abacha former Nigerian Military Head of State
who died mysteriously as a result of Cardiac Arrest.
Since after my husband^Òs death, my family is under
restriction of movement and that notwithstanding, we
are being molesting; policing and our Bank Account
both here and abroad are being frozen by the Nigerian
Civilian Government. Furthermore, my elder son is in
detention by the Nigerian Government for more
interrogation about my husband^Òs assets and some vital
document.

Following the recent discovery of my husband^Òs Bank
Account by the Nigerians Government  with Swiss Bank
in which the huge sum of US$700 Million and Dutch 450
Million was logged. I therefore decided to contact you
in confidence that I was above to move out the sum of
US$41.5 Million Dollars, which was secret and is
sealed in two Metal Boxes for security reasons.

I personally therefore appeal to you seriously and
religiously for your urgent assistant to move this
money into your country where I believe it will be
safe since I cannot leave the country due to the
restriction movement imposed on the members of my
family by the Nigerian Government.

You can contact me through my family Lawyer who will
arrange with you for face to face meeting outside
Nigerian in order to liaise with you toward effective
completion of this transaction.

However, arrangements have been put in place to move
this money out of the country in the secret vault
through a security company to any of the West African
State and as soon as you indicate your interest, my
Lawyer shall send you the Air Bill of the Luggage and
other related documents so that you can help to claim
the Luggage.

Conclusively, we have agreed to offer you 30% of the
total sum, while 60% is to be held on trust by you
until we decide on a suitable business investment in
your country more also 10% is mapped out for internal
and external expenses. Subsequent to our free movement
by the Nigerian Government. Please, reply urgently and
treat with absolute confidentiality and
sincerity.Reply and include your phone and fax number.
