I am Chief Accountant with the National Oil Nigeria
PLC (N/Oil) and member of 5 MAN Contract Executive
Review Panel (comprising 2 Snr.Staff of CBN and 3
Snr,Staff Of (N/Oil) set up by present Civilian Regime
of President Obasanjo. So far we have come across a
surplus of the sum of US$27M.(Twenty-seven Million
Dollars)which was as a result of deliberate
over-invoicing of certain contracts awarded by
Contract Award Committee of the cooperation.

The last installments due has been paid to the various
Contractors, while the said surplus still floats in
our Apex Bank waiting Off-shore remittance which we
want to carry out right now. As civil servants we not
allowed operate foreign account, therefore seek your
assistance in providing enabling Bank Account where
the Fund would be lodged.
25% of the total Sum is for you 5% for expenses during
transaction, and 70% for my colleagues and me.

A friend who is a Staff of World Trading Center (WTC)
here in Lagos made your contact available. Please
notify me of your acceptance to carry out this
transaction through the above E-mail address or fax
number.

I decided to contact you base on the fact that I have
no foreign partner to assist me in executing the
transaction. If you accept to carry out this business
with me, please note that my colleague and me will be
in your Country to receive the fund together with you,
the moment we secure all the necessary approvals.

You should also note that the transaction would only
take (14) fourteen working days. 

you can also reply me to my private email
address:princemikeokoye57@safe-mail.net
