I am pleased to get across to you for a very urgent and 
profitable business proposal, though I don^Òt know you 
neither have I seen you before but I got your contact 
through the Ivories chamber of commerce and industries. I 
am the manager of BANK OF AFRICA, ABIDJAN, COTE D' IVOIRE.

 The intended business is thus, we had a customer, a 
Foreigner (a Turkish) resident in Abidjan, and he was a 
Contractor with one of the Government Paratatales.
He had in his Account in my branch the sum of US$35 Million 
{Thirty five Million U.S. Dollars). Unfortunately, the man 
died four years ago
until today non of his next of kin has come Forward to 
claim the money. Having noticed this, I in collaboration 
with two other top Officials of the bank have covered up 
the account all this while. 
 
Now we want you (being a foreigner) to be fronted as one of 
his next of kin and forward your account and other relevant 
documents to be advised to you by us to attest to the 
Claim. We will use our positions to get all internal 
documentations to back up the claims. The whole procedures 
will last only ten working days to get the fund retrieved 
successfully without trace even in future.

Your response is only what we are waiting for as we have 
arranged all necessary things. As soon as this message 
comes to you kindly get back to me indicating your 
interest. Then I will furnish you with the whole
procedures to ensure that the deal is successfully 
Concluded. 

For your assistance we have agreed to give you thirty 
percent (30%) of the total sum at the end of the 
transaction. It is risk free and a big fortune for both of 
us. With your maximum co-operation, this transaction is not 
expected to last for more than 10 working days.

All correspondence towards this transaction will be through 
e-mail, telephone and fax.

I await your earliest response.