I got your contact email address from a search I made on the Internet. I
cannot contact any of my erstwhile/ father's associates because of the
on-going situation in my country and the predicament facing my family. To
have a view of this, go to:
http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/special_report/1999/01/99/angola/newsid_264000/264094.stm

I am the son of the late leader of the Movement for the Total Independence
of Angola (UNITA), Jonas Savimbi, who was killed in a fierce gun battle
with government troops loyal to Edwardo Dos Santos on the 22nd of Febuary
2002.

I am Tao Aroujo Sakaita Savimbi, the eldest son of my late father (Jonas
Savimbi). I was aware of sales of diamonds and crude oil to individuals
and countries that clandestinely come and purchase these products. After
the PEACE ACCORD was broken, the United States of America government
abandoned my father and the United Nations (UN)  imposed sanctions on all
products coming out of UNITA controlled areas.is the proceeds of these
sales that were used by UNITA to purchase arms to prosecute the war.

My late father, Jonas Savimbi was able to deposit some fund in Europe with
a Security Company that he intended to make purchases with. I happen to be
in possesion of documents and information of the deposit and some others.
Only my ailing Mother and one other sibling is aware of this.
 
Our family's movements presently(including me) is restricted. We are
forbidden to either travel abroad or out of our localities.

You can know more about my father by checking his profile at the URL
below:

   www.kwacha.com/edoc2.htm 

Presently, the US$100,000,000.00(110 million Euros) One Hundred Million
Dollars cash my father transfered to Europe before his death for some
purchases he intended to make is safe and is in a Security firm. I have
the passcode and the documents to the Security firm. This is where I will
need your help because at present i cant travel. And I want to act fast
before the government finds out about the funds.
 
With this password and information and power of attorney you will be able
to proceed to the Security firm. But you will also give me a guarantee
first. I can get access to a satellite phone for communication. When you
are ready I will give you the information needed before you can get access
to the fund you will then proceed to the Security company where the funds
will be given to you as payment either installmentally or depending on the
advice of the security company.
 
YOUR CONFIDENTIALITY IN THIS TRANSACTION IS REQUIRED.