I know this letter may beat your imagination, as we
have no previous correspondence.

Well i got your contact from my serious search for a
good profile foreigner and then i decided to write
you, after a very long time of indecision pondering to
see if i can confide in you. Please i will like you to
be as transparent and trustworthy to engage in this
business and assurrance that my own money must be
given to me when this money is transfered to your
country or account hence my reason for writing you. To
introduce myself, i am Prince Amanda Sese Seko one of
the sons of the late former President of Zaire Mobutu
Sese Seko Kuku Ngbendu Wa Za Bang, so now i will like
to do this transaction with you as someone who have
been into production. My father the late president
Mobutu Sese Seko made the sum of $18,000,000 USD in
cash, he tactically defaced this money and stashed
them in a security trunk box in order to enable him
move the money out of Zairien shores just as the rebel
forces close by. Because of his political power and
influence he succeeded and deposited this money in a
security company in Dakar-Senegal. But unfortunately
for him he died of cancer in Casablanca,Morroco, since
his death the present government has consficated all
his properties because of this i decided to travel to
Senegal where my last hope lies and where i am
currently living. This money in question has been in
the security company since my fathers death uptil this
moment.But my main problem now is at my age of 30
years i have never handled such huge amount of
money,iam confused on how to handle this huge amount
of money and also what to do with it as i don't have
anyone to confide in here in Dakar-Senegal. May i
therefore use this medium to request from you if you
will be disposed enough to help me keep this huge
amount of money in your country or any other place of
your choice. I intend to invest this money on any
profitable business venture. I have met with and held
discussion with the security company showed them the
depositional documents which my father left behind of
which my name appeared as the next of kin,the company
awaits my coming for the withdrawal and iam afraid of
disclosing the contents to them since my father
strictly warned me against that. Surprisingly for me
the chemist who dyed the bills for my father lives in
Dakar. He will also do the cleansing i have his
telephone number but not his address. If it appeals to
you to help me, i suggest you take a trip to Senegal
for us to see face to face and arrange with the
chemist man for him to do the cleansing before moving
the fund to where ever that may be nominated by you.
If all goes well 20% of the total amount will be for
you. For the confirmation of your willingness to
assist me.