After due deliberation with my colleagues, I havedecided to forward
to you this business proposal. We want a reliable person who could
assist us to transfer the sum of Twenty Million Five Hundred Thousand
United States Dollars ( $20,500,000 ) into his / her account.This
fund resulted by way of gratification from a contract awarded by us
under the budget allocation to my Ministry and this bill has been
approved for payment by the concerned Ministries. The contract has
since been executed, commissioned and the contractor company, paid
off.We are left with the balance of US$20.5M which was given to us by
the company for influencing the contract in their favour amidst heavy
competition from rival companies.But under our protocol division,
civil servants are forbidden to operate or own foreign accounts. This
is why I am contacting you to be our custodian for this funds. As you
may want to know and to make you less curious, I got your contact
address over the internet, after serie!
s of intensive search. I am the Chief Accountant/InternalAuditor of
theContract Award Committee ( CAC ) of the Nigerian National
Petroleum Corporation(NNPC).This transaction is very much free from
all sorts of RISKS and TROUBLES from any quarters whatsoever. We the
N.N.P.C. Officials involved in this deal have put in many years in
service to this Ministry. We have been exercising patience for this
opportunity for so long and to most of us this is a life time
opportunity we cannot afford to miss.You need not to worry about the
responsibilities of transferring this fund into your account, for all
the administrative steps needed for the transfer of this fund into
your designated bank account will be done by me. I and my colleagues
have agreed to COMPENSATE you duly if agreement is reached by both of
us. I and one of my colleagues involved in this deal will come to
your country to arrange for our share, upon the confirmation from you
that the money has been credited into your no!
minated bank account.Consequent upon your acceptance of this
proposal, kindly confirm your interest by Telephone to me, through my
Tel No:234-1-7759334 Or Email:ogbemudia@mail.com Your indication
by revert Telephone to me of your sincere and serious interest will
enable me send you the PROCEDURE FOR OPERATION. If my line is busy,
please keep trying you will surely get through.NOTE: In the event of
your inability to handle this transaction please inform us so that we
can look for another reliable person who can assist in this
respect.It might surprise you why we choose you and trusted you for
this transaction. Yes, we believe that good friends can be discovered
and business like this can not be realised without trust. This is why
we have decided to trust you for this transaction. We are looking
forward to doing this transaction with you. Be further informed that
everyones interest and security had been considered before you were
contacted, so be rest assured and feel free! to go into this
transaction with us. But let Honesty and Trust be
our watchword throughout this transaction and your prompt reply will
be highly appreciated.Thank you, and God bless.
