I am making this contact with you on behalf of my
colleagues after an acceptable recommendation from an
International Business Agency.

My colleagues and I are members of the Contract Award
Committee (CAC) of the  National Electric Power
Authority (NEPA). I have been mandated by my
colleagues to look for a trustworthy company into
whose account some funds are to be transferred.We have
in our possession instrument of payment for US$22.5M
(Twenty two million five hundred thousand U.S Dollars
only) now in a dedicated account with our apex bank
The above funds arose from the over invoicing of some
Supplies and Engeenering Works contracts which have
been executed and the contractors paid in full. The
fund is therefore free to be transferred  overseas
without any risk whatsoever.

Due to the nature of accrual of this funds, it has to
be applied for by a foreign contractor/company and
payment can only be made into a foreign account hence
this contact is necessary to accomplish this deal.You
(or your company) shall be compensated with 25% of the
amount as the account owner, 5%  shall be used for the
reimbursement of all expenses that will be incurred by
both parties during the course of this financial
transaction.The remaining 70% is for us.

We shall require of you the following urgently by fax:
1.	Name,Telephone and/or fax Numbers of Beneficiary
2.	Name and full address of the Company
3.	Complete particulars of the bank account where you
wish the funds to be transferred.
	This should include the account Number,  Bank
Address, the Telephone, Fax and Telex numbers of the
bank.
My colleagues and I have had some fruitful discussions
with relevant top officials of the Federal
Ministry of Finance (FMF) and they have agreed to
cooperate in the
transfer. An application for funds transfer shall be
made at the appropriate Ministries in favour of the
beneficiary (you or your company).Thereafter, your
company shall be officially regarded as having
executed the contract for the National Electric Power
Authority (NEPA) for which payment is
being made.This process make the operation legal
according to the laws of the Federal Republic of
Nigeria.

Please treat this transaction as STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
as we are Civil Servants who would  not want any
exposure.Do not go through the International Telephone
Operator or (AT&T) when lines are busy at any time in
the course of this operation.Always dial direct.It s
very difficult to get telephone access to Nigeria. So
you must persist even when the telephone says
subscriber not available or the number does not
exist.These answers are always given when there is no
access.Thanks for your anticipated cooperation.
Best Regards,