I am Hajia (Mrs.) Maryam F. Abacha, wife of Late
Nigeria head of state, General Sani Abacha. We have
not met before, I got your contract from my husband's
personal assistance's diary and I feel like I should
trust you.

It's no news telling you that my family has been going
through untold hardship since the 18th of June 1998
when my husband died. My family has lost so much
including some fixed assets my husband acquired while
in power. Eventually, the pages of all Nigeria
Dailies, which you can equally get from Nigeria
Embassy in your Country, will tell better of our
story. Even now, our homes are under surveillance,
worst of all the Government has restored to
confiscating everything that has to do with our
family. I also refer to case No. 1999 folio 404, 1999
folio 405, 1999 folio 831 in the High Court of Justice
Queen's Bench Division Commercial Courts of Justice
strand London WC 24 2LL.
Date Monday 27th February 2001 before Lord Justice
RIX. 4. I implore you in the name of Allah to seek
knowledge of this Judgement.

Before the death of my husband, General Sani Abacha,
he ran among other business of his own a Bureau De
Change", which was flourishing with every support from
the Bureau De Change Business, which has now been
clamped down by the Nigerian Government, I was able to
save US$35.5 Million in cash. I tried to safeguard it
in the Security Company here in Nigeria but failed.
Through the help of a family who works in the Security
Company I defaced the US$35.5 Million and moved it out
of Nigeria, under the label photographic material, to
a Security Company in Switzerland. I am therefore
seeking your assistance to help me claim this money
and bank it properly. Let me state here that this is
not of the many run - of the- mills letter of support
being sent out from here in Nigeria by some people. To
avoid an error of Judgement, I shall take care of all
incidental expenses from here.

Should you help me in this regard, you will have 20%
of the money for yourself and guide me further to
invest the remaining 80% in any viable business
venture. Please if you ever find it in your heart to
help me, send to my lawyer Barrister Ali koloma your
complete names and address as in your International
passport. You may be required by the security Company
to tender your passport for identification before you
can claim the consignment.
Your Telephone and fax number will also be needed to
enable my lawyer get back to you with the lodging code
and clearance permit from the security Company.

As soon as you send this information through my
lawyer, I will go ahead and instruct the Security
Comapy to arrange for you to pick up the Consignment.
 For security reasons, I will prefer you always
communicate with you my lawyer on this matter through
Tel:234-1-7757558/Fax 234-1-7594728. Email
Aliu_n2001@yahoo.com

While thanking you for your anticipated understanding
and co-operation.

I look forward to your urgent response through my
lawywer.