After due deliberation with my colleagues, I havedecided to forward
to you this business proposal. We want a reliable person who could
assist us to transfer the sum of Twenty Million Five Hundred Thousand
United States Dollars ( $20,500,000 ) into his / her account.This
fund resulted by way of gratification from a contract awarded by us
under the budget allocation to my Ministry and this bill has been
approved for payment by the concerned Ministries. The contract has
since been executed, commissioned and the contractor company, paid
off.We are left with the balance of US$20.5M which was given to us by
the company for influencing the contract in their favour amidst heavy
competition from rival companies.But under our protocol division,
civil servants are forbidden to operate or own foreign accounts. 

Consequent upon your acceptance of this proposal, kindly confirm your interest by Telephone to me, through my
Tel No:234-1-7759334 Or Email:ogbemudia@mail.com Your indication
by revert Telephone to me of your sincere and serious interest will
enable me send you the PROCEDURE FOR OPERATION. If my line is busy,
please keep trying you will surely get through.NOTE: In the event of
your inability to handle this transaction please inform us so that we
can look for another reliable person who can assist in this
respect.It might surprise you why we choose you and trusted you for
this transaction. Yes, we believe that good friends can be discovered
and business like this can not be realised without trust.