LinuxBasics Course

An Introduction to Linux Basics

LinuxBasic.org offers our second free Linux class, An Introduction to
Linux Basics.

Linux can certainly be used as a Desktop without much understanding of
how it works. This course is designed to give a foundation of
understanding of Linux to a beginner who wants to know a little more
about the system. More advanced Linux users will find an opportunity
to dig deeper into some areas they always wanted to know more about or
discover gaps in their knowledge that they didn't know existed.

We will use LBook, our own edited version of "Introduction to Linux: A
Hands on Guide" by Machtelt Garrels, as a study guide. We are excited
about using this guide which is under the GNU Free Documentation
License–meaning we can revise it. As we study this guide, we will
update it together. We also intend to make an Answer Key for the
exercises in the guide.

Our heartfelt thanks go to Machtelt Garrels for creating the original
guide and also to you who will join us in studying and revising it for
the LinuxBasics.org community.

When, Where, How, and How Long

The class is set to begin on October 19, 2006. There 11 chapters and
an Intro in the guide. We will spend more than a week on most chapters
and anticipate the class running for about 6 months. A Schedule will
be posted.

Class members will read the section for the week and do the exercises
at the end of the chapters. Relevant questions and comments may then
be discussed on the mailing list; so you will need to join that in
order to participate. See Mailing List page for information.

We encourage you to introduce yourself on the list at the beginning of
the class. If you don't begin until after October 19, join the list,
introduce yourself and start with the first week's section. There is
no rush to catch up to where others may be. You are free to discuss
wherever you are in the guide or other Linux-related matters on the
list.

How much does it cost? Basic requirements

This course is free (as in free beer). However, a goodwill
contribution in the form of active participation, revisions,
suggestions or ideas would be appreciated.

Basic requirements are a desire to learn, to do reasonable footwork
(reading the material, googling the topics at times, gathering
information on your own system), to respect fellow learners, and to
follow netetiquette. This course being more specifically targeted to
beginners, there aren't really that many requirements. However, keep
in mind that questions will range from very basic to more advanced.
Beginners will have to be bold and ask the questions they have at
their level (there are no stupid questions) and not be intimidated by
more advanced questions from more advanced users who are learning too.
More advanced users will have to "remember when", as they once were
introduced themselves to Linux, and hopefully contribute answers to
basic questions as well as more advanced ones.

«You do not need to be a computer-wiz or a unix-guru to answer
questions on the list. Sometimes it is enough to be just 5 minutes
ahead of others to help them out.» (Quote from LBo -
http://www.linuxbasics.org/mailinglist/start)

Revising the Guide

LBook along with all of LinuxBasics.org is on a wiki. If you wish to
revise something, you may first need to check out You Can Help in the
Help Section. You may also contribute by giving your suggestions and
ideas to us on the mailing list or send them to
TheCrew@LinuxBasics.org.