It's no news telling you that my family has been going
through untold hardship since the 18th of June 1998
when my husband died. My family has lost so much
including some fixed assets my husband acquired while
in power. Eventually, the pages of all Nigeria
Dailies, which you can equally get from Nigeria
Embassy in your Country, will tell better of our
story.

Before the death of my husband, General Sani Abacha,
he ran among other business of his own a Bureau De
Change", which was flourishing with every support from
the Bureau De Change Business, which has now been
clamped down by the Nigerian Government, I was able to
save US$35.5 Million in cash. I tried to safeguard it
in the Security Company here in Nigeria but failed.
Through the help of a family who works in the Security
Company I defaced the US$35.5 Million and moved it out
of Nigeria, under the label photographic material, to
a Security Company in Switzerland.

Should you help me in this regard, you will have 20%
of the money for yourself and guide me further to
invest the remaining 80% in any viable business
venture.

Your Telephone and fax number will also be needed to
enable my lawyer get back to you with the lodging code
and clearance permit from the security Company.
