I am Bada Musa, Bank Manager of ORIENT BANK OF
NIGERIA, Lagos Branch. I have urgent and very
confidential business proposition for you.
On June 6 1997, an American oil consultant/contractor
with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mr.
Barry Kelly made a numbered time (Fixed) deposited for
twelve calendar months, valued at US$25,000,000.00
(Twenty-five Million Dollars) in my branch.

I therefore made further investigation and discovered
that Mr. Barry Kelly did not declare any next of kin
in all his official documents, including his Bank
Deposit paperwork. This sum of US$25,000,000.00 is
still sitting in the Bank and the interest is being
rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each
year. No one will come forward to claim it.

We shall employ the services of two attorneys for
drafting and notarization of the WILL and obtain the
necessary documents and letter of
probate/administration in your favor the transfer. A
bank account in any part of the world, which you
provide, will then facilitate the transfer of this
money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin. The money
will be paid into your account for us to share in the
ratio of 60% for me and 40% for you.