My name is Mr.Gilbert Gamal, a member of the contract award and monitoring
committee of ministry of urban and rural development, my duty as empowered
by the Mauritius Government is to provide the basic amenities, social
recreational activities in urban and rural areas, this programs include
assistance to deprived local communities and to co-ordinate project and
development at the national levels, further more from this projects we
have been able to secure some reasonable amount of US$20M (Twenty Million
United States Dollars) as commission from various contractors resulting
from over invoicing, hence all the necessary approvals has been completed.
This approved funds is now packaged and dispatched through a security
company for onward delivery to it's destination here in Europe. This funds
were first deposited into a vault security company before we arranged for
it's movement to Europe through diplomatic channel using decoy purporting
that the funds belongs to a foreign expert rate/company as we are
Government officials we are not allowed to operate or open a foreign bank
account hence you need to stand as the beneficiary and claim this funds on
our behalf from the security company. Presently I'm now in Europe to
search for a reliable person/company with high integrity/dignity one with
conscience who will claim this funds on our behalf as the beneficiary, and
we have agreed to offer you 20% of the total sum as commission for your
assistance/effort, 5% will be used to settle every expenses we might incur
on the process, we will use our 75% to invest under your recommendations
and guide and go into joint venture business with you. I would greatly
appreciate your assistance, also you can call me on my private tel. number
for more details on how we go about this on +31 630512132 as I look
forward to hear from you be informed that confidentiality is the nature of
this business because we would not be happy to loose our jobs.