I have come to inherit the sum of $28.000.000.00
(Twenty Eight Million US Dollars) left for me by my
father who until his death was the chairman of Revenue
Generation and Distribution of Diamond sector before
the civil war. He died in a motor accident while
returning from Freetown our capital city after an
official conference meeting, may his soul rest in
peace.

I am therefore soliciting for your assistance but with
the following conditions:

1) That this transaction shall be treated with utmost
confidence, co-operation and absolute secrecy.

2) That the money will be transferred to an account
where much tax shall not take so much of it.

3) I have decided to give you 20% of the total money
towards your successful assistance to this business,
having set aside 5% to cover all local and
International expenses as may arise from this transfer
activity for which all the parties involved will
have to contribute to, while the balance of 75% will
be credited to my account.

4) An agreement of acceptance shall be written, signed
and stamped by you on your letter headed paper and
send to me to be filled with my lawyer in which you
will state that 75% of the Twenty Eight Million U.S
dollars must be released to me by you through your
bank account immediately after the transfer.

If you are interested in the proposal and decides to
assist me kindly contact me urgently on this,
email:johnson_mark2000.co.uk